I wanna show you a quick demo of Canva.com.
And this is actually a pretty cool website to design
presentations, but I want to show you some of the images
you can use here as well and a lot of them are free,
and then they try to upsell you, which is to be expected.
Okay, cool.
So let's create a presentation.
And again I'm gonna try to focus a little bit more on images
here, moreso than anything else.
Okay so let's grab this template here.
It's kinda cool.
And I'll just change around very quickly and I'll show
you images, okay.
So the fonts are actually very nice, alright.
You can select any type of font you want remember to
try and stay consistent within each presentation.
The new you, looks like a romance one here, sale, etc.
So it'll pop, that sort of thing.
Let's add a new page, very quickly.
And you can add new slides with different types of layout
as well which is quite nice, alright.
Okay.
Now, for backgrounds, you can select customized ones
as well, right, and then they try to upsell you for
cooler stuff.
So say we wanted to put in a chart you can do that as well.
And they're actually pretty nice and you can customize
it your self as well.
Lots of different types of charts.
You can get quite busy as well, you got your diagrams here.
And then for icons you can throw in a bunch as well
again they have a lot of free cool stuff for ya.
That's neat, that works in most presentations.
Put that up in the corner if you want or whatever.
And they also have
illustrations you can use.
Swiss army knife,
Saturn,
the eight-bit Nintendo, I remember that form the 80s.
Let's get another page here.
And I'll show you just really quickly images here.
You can search for photos as well as over a million pictures
you can use.
So let's say we want ocean, say we want ocean on the
right side, yeah, you can throw that there.
Go back to text,
put this here, type in whatever you want.
And you can actually also customize the images as well.
And I had another tab open here, so this is similar
to Instagram, you can customize any pictures you want,
upload your own, resize, crop, adjust, that sort of thing,
flip.
So it's pretty powerful, I'm not gonna spend too much
time on this but it's yet another tool for you to use
for not just presentations but also for manipulating images.
And say that you manipulated an image and you don't
wanna use it here you wanna use it in say Powerpoint
or Keynote.
What you can do is this.
You use the snip control on Windows, or you do the
string picture control on Apple which is command shift #4,
and then you copy,
and whenever you do screen print on a Mac, what it does
for a lot of people is it adds it directly to your desktop.
You can customize that too.
In Windows, it's actually easier cause when you use the
screen print option, hit you know control print screen,
or the snipping tool I mentioned, it actually
puts it in the clipboard and you just hit paste.
So anyway, you can take manipulated images from Canva
and put it in other applications as well, and you could even
if you wanted to, heck, get the whole screen, right.
You'll insert a new slide, you right click, new slide
and then you insert.
And again I'm trying to give you a menu of anything
you can possibly do within reason, when you present.
And then you choose whatever applications make more sense
to you.
So you get the idea.
That's Canva, it's free to use.
And then there's more premium feature, which again
is to be expected.
Thanks.